c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\WebApp1.dll.config
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\WebApp1.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\WebApp1.pdb
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\obj\Debug\WebApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\obj\Debug\WebApp1.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\obj\Debug\WebApp1.pdb
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\binitak\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\WebApp1.dll.config
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\WebApp1.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\WebApp1.pdb
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\obj\Debug\WebApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\obj\Debug\WebApp1.dll
D:\Binita\sample\WebApplication1\WebApp1\obj\Debug\WebApp1.pdb
